LIRC - Linux Infrared Remote Control, Version: 0.5.4

Copyright (C) 1996 Ralph Metzler <rjkm@thp.uni-koeln.de>
Copyright (C) 1998,1999 Christoph Bartelmus <columbus@hit.handshake.de>
(according to GNU General Public Licence 2.0 or later)

lirc is a package that allows you to decode and send infra-red
signals of many (but not all) commonly used remote controls.
Pre-release versions are currently available at:
http://fsinfo.cs.uni-sb.de/~columbus/lirc/

It consists of a device driver, two daemon programs and some user
space applications. The included device drivers support devices
connected to serial and parallel ports. A desciption of receiver
and transmitter circuits can be found at http://www.mindwell.com/lirc/.
More and more support for commercially available IR solutions is being
added.

The most important part of lirc is the lircd daemon that will decode
IR signals received by the device driver and provide the information
on a socket.
It will also accept commands for IR signals to be sent.
The second daemon program called lircmd will connect to lircd and
translate the decoded IR signals to mouse movements. You can
e.g. configure X to use your remote control as an input device.

The user space application will allow you to control your computer
with your remote control. You can send X events to applications, start
programs and much more on just one button press.

Adding new remotes is still problematic but since version 0.5.2 there
comes the first program that will try to add new remote controls
automatically.

Don't expect much documentation. This is only a pre-release version
and there is still much to be done before lirc becomes easily
configurable and usable.
The possible applications are obvious: Infra-red mouse, remote control for 
your TV tuner card or cd-rom, shutdown by remote, program your VCR
and/or satellite tuner with your computer, ...
For people with a little C/C++ knowlegde this should already be possible
with this pre-release. Otherwise, wait for version 1.0.
